Updates to OSCAL website (issue #1237) (#1277)
usnistgov/OSCAL: docs/content/learn/presentations/OSCAL-mini-workshop-series.md

# OSCAL Mini Workshop Series

> The NIST [OSCAL](/) team is hosting a new series of mini workshops. that aim to address topics of interest for our community and to open this forum for its members to present their [OSCAL](/)-related work. Unless specifically stated, the workshops will not require a deep, technical understanding of [OSCAL](/), and the dialog is informal, allowing the community to interact with the presenters and with the [OSCAL](/) team members. 

Reviewer: Minor nit: "that aim ..." is an incomplete sentence.

```suggestion
The NIST [OSCAL](/) team is hosting a new series of mini workshops. They aim to address topics of interest for our community and to open this forum for its members to present their [OSCAL](/)-related work. Unless specifically stated, the workshops will not require a deep, technical understanding of [OSCAL](/), and the dialog is informal, allowing the community to interact with the presenters and with the [OSCAL](/) team members. 
```

Author: The period in front of "that" was extra. I removed it and added the right tense. It reads now:
The NIST [OSCAL](/) team is hosting a new series of mini workshops that aims to address topics of interest for our community and to open this forum for its members to present their [OSCAL](/)-related work.

Author: In the interest of time, to avoid another round of reviews, I decided to leave it as suggested and not as listed above (and corrected locally)

Please see below the call for proposals if you are interested in presenting your [OSCAL](/) work. To submit topics for discussion, please email us at [oscal@nist.gov](oscal@nist.gov).

The [OSCAL](/) project and this workshop series are aligned with NIST’s mission of promoting U.S. innovation and industrial competitiveness by advancing measurement science, standards, and technology in ways that enhance economic security and improve our quality of life. NIST works to maximize its impact and mission fulfillment by positioning itself to anticipate future technology trends and develop the most important measurements and standards products that are aligned with industry drivers and needs.

> We encourage developers of control-oriented security tools and organizations that want to use or create [OSCAL](/)-based information to automate the security assessment and plan on moving towards continuous Authorization to Operate (ATO), to attend the workshops.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We encourage developers of control-oriented security tools, organizations that want to use or create [OSCAL](/)-based information to automate security assessment, and those planning to move towards continuous Authorization to Operate (cATO) to attend the workshops.
```

## Workshops Calendar

| Date | Time | Talk/Demo/Discussion | Presenter & Affiliation | Type | Knowledge Level | Notes |
| ---- | ---- | ---------------------| ----------------------- | ---- | --------------- | ------ |
| 2022/05/18 | 11:00AM-12:00PM EDT | 1.  Compliance as Code for Big Bang Risk Management Framework (RMF) Control Mapping to Accelerate Department of Defense (DoD) Authorization to Operate (ATO) | Maj Camdon Cady, Chief Operating Officer, Platform One, US Airforce | presentation |  L2 |   |
|  |  | 2. OSCAL Catalog Authoring Tool (CAT) | Dmitry Cousin, NIST |demo |  L1 |  | 
|  2011/06/15 |  11:00AM-12:00PM EDT  | 1. Trestle - compliance as codeorchestrator and automation workflow | Dr. Anca Sailer, IBM | presentation | L3 |  | 
|  |  | 2. |  |  |  |  | 

> |  2011/07/13 |  11:00AM-12:00PM EDT  | 1. |  |  |  |  | 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
|  2022/07/13 |  11:00AM-12:00PM EDT  | 1. |  |  |  |  | 
```
Should these be 2022?

Author: Good catch! I fixed the typos.
